Added docs and antora support (#9)
RedHatInsights/yuptoo: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/yuptoo_yupana.adoc

== Yuptoo (Yupana Upload Processor II)

> Yuptoo is a rewrite of yupana service. Below are a key differences and improvement made in yuptoo. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yuptoo is a rewrite of Yupana service. Below are the key differences and improvements made in yuptoo. 
```
